README.md, before:

# TraMBU

## Metrics
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu) 

[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu)

## About 

The history and general idea (*salutes*) of this project can be found on our [About Page](docs/ABOUT.md)

![Trambu Screenshot](./docs/images/trambu_default_style_time.PNG "Screenshot of Trambu")

## Contributing

We are always looking for your input!  
Take a look at our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Issue tracker labels and flow

## User labels

**Feature Request** : general idea on a new feature you would like added to the project  
**Bug Report** : Something that is going wrong  
**Enhancement** : Improvements on existing features  

## Team labels

**Story** : Accepted requests  
**XS**,**S**,**M**,**L**,**XL** : Effort needed to complete the story

# License

TraMBU is licened under the AGPL license. Basically: You are free to use, fork, and modify the code.
However, the original author must be accredited. Any code changes must be made public under  
the the same license.

Commit message:

Updated readme with iusage instructions

README.md, after:

# TraMBU

## Metrics
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu) 

[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=be.doji.productivity%3Anewtrambu)

## About 

The history and general idea (*salutes*) of this project can be found on our [About Page](docs/ABOUT.md)

![Trambu Screenshot](./docs/images/trambu_default_style_time.PNG "Screenshot of Trambu")

## How to run

Either check out the latest source code, or download one of our packaged releases.

### Packaged releases

Go to (Our releases page)[https://github.com/justDoji/TraMBU/releases], and download the latest version.
Be sure you have the Java runtime environment installed on your computer.
Try this by running

> java -version

If the Java Runtime is installed, you should see ouput containing the version and installation location. 
If you get a 'command not found' message, head over to the (Oracle site)[https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html] and download the Java Runtime Environment.
TRAMBU works best with the Java 8 runtime environment.

To run TRAMBU, navigate to the folder containing the downloaded *'.jar'* file, open a command prompt and execute:

> java -jar trambu-1.1.0-ALPHA.jar

You should see a bunch of lines being printed to your terminal.
When the output line *'Started TrambuWebApplication in XXX seconds'* is displayed,
TRAMBU will have started a web application that you can used by navigating your browser to:

> http://localhost:8080/index.xhtml00


## Contributing

We are always looking for your input!  
Take a look at our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Issue tracker labels and flow

## User labels

**Feature Request** : general idea on a new feature you would like added to the project  
**Bug Report** : Something that is going wrong  
**Enhancement** : Improvements on existing features  

## Team labels

**Story** : Accepted requests  
**XS**,**S**,**M**,**L**,**XL** : Effort needed to complete the story

# License

TraMBU is licened under the AGPL license. Basically: You are free to use, fork, and modify the code.
However, the original author must be accredited. Any code changes must be made public under  
the the same license.
